Tweaks to the LLM section (#722)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/features/large-language-models/evals.md

---
title: 'Evaluating Language Models'
sidebar_label: 'Evals'
description: 'Learn how Spice evaluates, tracks, compares, and improves language model performance for specific tasks'
sidebar_position: 3
pagination_prev: null
pagination_next: null
---

Language models can perform complex tasks. Evals help measure a model's ability to perform a specific task. Evals are defined as Spicepod components and can evaluate any Spicepod model's performance.

Refer to the [Cookbook](https://github.com/spiceai/cookbook/tree/trunk/evals) for related examples.

## Overview

In Spice, an eval consists of the following core components:

- **Evals**: A defined task for a model to perform and a method to measure its performance.

> - **Eval Run**: An evaluation of a specific model against a single run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Eval Run**: An single evaluation of a specific model.
```

> - **Eval Result**: The output from the model for a single task input within an eval run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Eval Result**: The model output and score for a single input task within an eval run.
```
